# Summary: Oshi no Ko

## Episode 1

MC is a doctor in a small countryside clinic. He's a fan of the idol Ai because of one of his patients, a young girl the age of Ai that used to be a big fan of her. One day, Ai arrives at the clinic because she is pregnant. She has the greedy goal of birthing her children (twins) while still becoming a top idol. Doctor vows to help her achieve this dream. The day the kids are expected, the doctor spots a stalker who murders him by pushing him off a cliff. The doctor gets reincarnated as one of Ai's twins, together with the patient who used to be a fan of Ai (but they don't know who each other used to be). The agency's director decides to hide the fact Ai has kids and covers it as them being his own kids, together with his wife. The wife acts as their nurse. AI starts landing more jobs with her group Komachi B and getting more popular. One day, the wife is fed up with acting as a nurse and decides to reveal the scandal to the press for money. Before she's able to, the twins act as if they are being controlled by gods and force her to keep the secret in exchange for the chance to marry a top actor one day (maybe lol). The day Ai lands a small acting role in a drama, the director spots Aqua, has a chat with him and hands him his business card. When the drama airs, the twins notice Ai was cut and Aqua calls the director who explains she was too cute to compete with the top roles in the drama and was cut because of that. He offers to land her a job in a movie if Aqua accepts to play in it. He accepts and plays in the movie, where his performance is so good it causes another child to cry out of frustration. Fast forward later, the twins are now entering preschool. They have to dance but Ruby has a trauma because of her past as a patient. AI shows her she can dance. Fast forward even later, Ai has become a top idol with 1M followers on twitters and a huge media presence, and is about to have a show in a dome, the agency director's dream. One the day of the event, she gets murdered by the same stalker who murdered Aqua in his past life. After her ceremony, in the car, Aqua realizes the stalker couldn't have found out where she lived or the clinic she was attending on his own, and that he must have had an accomplice. He deduces it has to be their father, Ai's former boyfriend. He swears to climb the ladder as an actor and kill him with his own hands. Aqua meets the drama director and asks him to raise him (to be his apprentice). Fast forward many years, the prologue reaches its end as the twins are now entering middle school.

> Wtf is the point of the reincarnation part? Like it literally brings nothing to the story, they could just be very mature children and it'd be the same

## Episode 2

Ruby, now in middle school, tries to apply to a top idol agency holding national auditions. Aqua wants to prevent her from following the same path as her mother and calls her from the director's phone (as he now works there) to pretend to reject her application. Ruby later gets scouted by an underground agency group. Aqua pretends to scout one of their idols to get info out of her on said agency, and learns it isn't a good place to work. The director's wife (forgot her name), who has taken after the director following the disbanding of Komachi B two years after Ai's death, decides to recruit Ruby as one of the idol of Strawberry Agency's new idol group, despite the agency having moved to managing online celebrities and stopped managing idols up until now. Meanwhile, Aqua now works for the old drama director as an editor. He had tried being an actor for a while but had given up after realizing he didn't have natural talent for it. The director makes him realize he should only give up on his dream after having exhausted all his options and given it his all. The twins both pass the entrance exam for Yotou Highschool, where they meet again with Arima Kana, the child actor they had met on the movie shooting when they were kids.

## Episode 3

Kana convinces Aqua to accept a role in a manga-adapted drama she's playing in, as the director is one of the people who were in the contact list on Ai's phone and therefore one of the suspects who could be his father. It took Aqua 45510 tries to crack the phone's password. As they watch the previously aired episodes of the drama, the twins and Miyako realize that the acting is very poor, as the show is just promotional material for the nice-looking men playing in it. During karaoke, Kana explains to Aqua why her acting is bad in it and that the crew still put effort to make it the best possible adaptation despite all that. The shooting happen, and Aqua grabs a few cigarettes smoked by the director and puts them in a zipper bag after hearing downplaying Kana's efforts to act properly.

## Episode 4

The scene happens and Aqua whispers insults to the male lead's ears to make him angry and add emotions to his acting. The scene goes smoothly and the last episode is a big hit. The original author even cries while watching it. During a party with the crew, Aqua talks to the director whom he confirmed wasn't his father through a DNA test, and the man informs him that he had helped AI meet a man unbeknownst to her agency. He agrees to tell him who it was if Aqua plays in a reality dating show. A few days later, the two finally enroll in their new highschool (with the same scene as the end of episode 1 playing). There they meet Kana as well as a lot of celebrities. Ruby becomes friends with a gravure idol, and after she mentions a celebrity called Shiranui Frill being in her class, Aqua goes to talk to her who recognizes him and Ruby's new friend, but not Aqua. Later, Aqua implores Miyako to start the idol group as she's scared of being bullied for not having any experience in the entertainment world, but she explains it's not a simple task. Ruby mentions her friend but Miyako rejects the idea as she's already part of another agency. Aqua then says he knows a freelance actor who could do the job, alluding to Kana.

## Episode 5

Aqua calls Kana so Ruby can invite her to join her idol group. Ruby first refuses, as it would be a stupid move for a career, but Aqua manages to push her enough for her to join. As Kana asks what Aqua's next job is, Ruby shows her he will be participating to a reality dating show. They watch the trailer and see him faking an outgoing personality, making the two jealous. On the set, Aqua talks with one of the other 5 actors, giving him a glimpse of the industry as she acts flirtatious after noticing a camera was filming them. Back to Ruby and Kana, they don't know what to do and still haven't decided on a group name. Miyako explains the internet is their best bet to launch their popularity, and she invites a big-muscled chick-faced youtuber who features them on his channel in a challenge where they have to follow an hour long exercise routine in order to be able to promote their new idol group. Kana decides to let Ruby decide on the group name, and she chooses the name B Komachi (like her mom's group).

## Episode 6

Yuki Sumi, one of the girls on the reality dating show, acts as if she's about to quit because of the pressure she's getting at school from acting on the show. It's mainly an act to boost her popularity. Another of the girls, Kurokawa Akane, is earnest and tries to write down everything she can to act better on the show. They then go to a yakiniku. The love triangle between Yuki and the two other guys (other than Aqua) becomes the center of the show, with Akane being forgotten behind them. Meanwhile, Akane's manager is being told off by the director of his agency because of that. Hearing that, Akane tries to leave her mark on the show by trying to steal away of the boys from Yuki. In her effort to stand out, she ends up hurting the face of Yuki and getting a storm of hate online and even offline at her school. Her feelings spiral down and she almost decides to commit suicide by jumping off a road bridge before Aqua grabs her as she's falling and pulls her back to safety.

## Episode 7

After Aqua saves Akane, Miyako gets a call from the police that prompts her to come visit him at the police station. The cast from the reality dating show also shows up and reunites with Akane, who decides to stay on the show. Aqua comes up with a plan to reverse the situation: he first leaks the info to the press, then gets footage from the show from the other cast members as well as the director (by pressuring him a little), and makes a video out of it that outlines the good points of Akane and the friendship of the show that the show's editing wasn't showing, as it was portraying Akane as a sort of villain. The video blows up. Seeing the video, Akane decides to finally come back on the show. They encourage her to create a fake identity for herself to protect herself behind. The girls ask Aqua what his type of girl is, to which he describes Ai. Akane decides to study Ai for the whole night (maybe more?) to get a good grasp of her personality. Kana says she sort of wished Akane had retired as she is an incredible rival to her. She explains that Akane is a tremendously talented theater actor. The day the show is resuming, as they are about to film, Akane's personality switches perfectly to that of Ai, much to Aqua's surprise.

## Episode 8

With her new personality as Ai, Akane manages to capture the attention of everyone in both the cast and the audience. Her interaction with Aqua causes him to blush and leave the scene. He asks Kana to skip school with him the next day, and plays ball while chatting with her to sort his feelings out, allowing him to understand that he only sees in her the ghost of Ai. He also realizes that, as he is growing, his mental and body are starting to align and he is starting to feel like a high schooler, meaning he sees other girls are potential love interests. Back on the set, he asks Akane how much she understands about Ai, to which she replies that she knows her down to the very details. The final episode is that of confessions: Yuki rejects the first guy, MEM rejects the second one but Akane and Aqua end up kissing. While the scene is happening, Aqua thinks that he can use her as she managed to grasp Ai's personality so well in such a short time. After that, at the after party for the crew and cast of the show, the questions is brought up of what they will do after the show: keep dating or not. Aqua meets with the director who invites him over sushi to talk about Ai. Back in the bar, Aqua tells Akane their relationship is only one of work, but that he is very interested in her as an actress. As they're going back home, MEM mentions she used to dream of being an idol but had given up on him. Aqua invites her to join the new B Komachi.

##  Episode 9

As she is being recruited, MEM-cho reveals she had been lying about her age and is actually 25. She explains that as her mom fell sick, she had to quit her acting school and work part time jobs to earn money to support her and her little brothers. By the time her situation had stabilized, she was 23. She them started doing youtube and presented as being "18 lol", and two years later she had arrived to the point of no return, unable to reveal the truth. The girls let her know her age doesn't matter and welcome her in the group. The next day, at school, Ruby, her friend and Shiranui Frill talk about Love Now. Aqua is now getting popular with girls, but Kana is getting even colder with him. Later at the agency, MEM-cho tells Ruby they can learn and perform all the songs from the original B Komachi group, much to Kana's sorrow. The girls start rehearsing at a dance studio and learning all the choreographies. After the rehearsal, Aqua brings water to Kana but she acts cold towards him. He tells her even he will end up feeling hurt if she keeps acting that way. After that, at the sushi place, the director tells Aqua about Ai's past, and how she likely found love while she was member of the Lala Lai theater troupe at the beginning of her career. Aqua asks why he's helping him that much, to which he replies debts and connections are very important in the entertainment industry, and he's just securing him for the day Aqua gets popular and he needs to hire him. He is also investing in the new B Komachi group, that MEM-cho joined, as he offered them the opportunity to have a slot at the Japan Idol Festival. The girls are now faced with the issue of deciding on the center for the group. MEM and Ruby want to decide it with a karaoke, but Kana lists all the reasons why she couldn't be the center compared to them and tells them to decide between each other. They both get awful scores, then find other songs made by Kana besides the bell pepper one. They realize she is an amazing singer despite what she said, as she's getting an amazing score in another karaoke box by herself.

## Episode 10

MEM and Ruby try to push Kana to be the center of the group, but she keeps refusing because of her past experiences as a singer. She ends up yielding after realizing they both can't sing properly. Miyako gets the help of Pieyon as he used to be an idol choregrapher. He trains the girls by having them do exercises to improve their stamina. After a rehearsal, Kana and Pieyon have a chat where she realizes she still has a fan in Pieyon, who knows a lot about her. Kana starts to think that she might fall in love with him instead of Aqua. As Kana is trashing Aqua, he is actually phoning the real Pieyon while impersonating him with a costume. The night of the event, Ruby can't sleep and tells Kana she is excited because she used to be confined in her room and unable to do anything, and watching idols brought her much happiness. As Kana can't sleep either, thinking to herself she doesn't have someone who sees her as she is now, she goes downstairs and spots Aqua removing Pieyon's mask. The next day, the girls go to the event and find out they have to change in a hell of a dressing room, shared by all smaller groups. While telling Miyako she can't be anxious as she has a lot of experience, Kana remembers her past of letting down people and being unneeded by both her agency and mother. Ruby realizes she is scared and tells her she shouldn't be but Kana reveals she is scared to let them know the same experience of failing as she did. Ruby replies she doesn't know what her career as a child actor was like, but that she now sees her as a fellow rookie idol and that failing is the expected outcome but that it doesn't matter. They should just be having fun together. This helps Kana sorts out her feelings: she is only a rookie idol. It's about time for them to get on stage.

## Episode 11

It finally is time for the new B Komachi to go on stage. A fair group of people have amassed, including a former fan of the old B Komachi and his two friends. Before the show, the girls had decided on their glow stick colors: red for Ruby (after Ai's color), Yellow for MEM-cho and white for Kana, which is a special color according to Ruby. As they're performing, Kana has an internal monologue overanalyzing the situation: the audience is mainly comprised of yellow glowsticks, MEM's fans, and a few red ones, but no white ones despite her being the center. The former B Komachi fan says they don't compare to the way Ai used to shine, until Ruby starts to shine as bright as her mom used to, while telling Kana to smile as well. As Kana thinks Ruby is the kind of idol that flourishes and wants desperately someone to tell her she is needed, she notices a white glowstick shining in the crowd: it is Aqua's, who is holding all three colors and doing an impressive fan dance with them. That's when she decides: she will become the best idol in order to turn all her glowsticks white (and make him fall for her). After the show, they have a chat in the car while driving back home. Amidst the awkward mood, Kana asks how the show was, to which Aqua responds it was fairly good considering it was their first time, and adds that any more compliments would be wasted as they're only going to be giving better and better performances from now on. Miyako also helps patch their relationship by asking how things are going with Akane, to which Aqua replies that it's only a work relationship, reassuring Kana. MEM-cho finally picks up on the complex love relationship that Aqua, Kana and Akane are now entangled in. The next day, Kana confronts Aqua about why he acted as Pieyon, and he replies that it was because she wouldn't talk to him otherwise. Over a sushi dinner, the reality show director (Kaburagi) and a new character discuss the upcoming 2.5D adaptation of the popular manga Tokyo Blade. In addition to the Lala Lai theater troupe (who Akane belongs to), Kaburagi also agrees to cast Aqua and Kana for it. As for Aqua and Akane, they go take pictures at an outdoor cafe for Instagram. Aqua accepts to participate in the Tokyo Blade adaptation as it will help him get closer to his goal of finding out who his father is, since the Lala Lai troupe is where Ai found love according to Kaburagi. Kana then shows up to tell them not to post pictures in real time and that she has been casted as well for Tokyo Blade. Akane and Kana are revealed to be rivals since their child actors days. The anime ends on a sequence shot revealing many characters that will probably appear at a later point in the story, as well as the current status of the main characters.